Yes, exactly.
Good idea.
Sure enough, he is the apprentice of the Boundless Divine Doctor
Invincible in the world
This knife face
You gave it to me.
That's not possible.
That's not going to happen.
And this is...
This is Dr. Zhang, a top braincase expert
Your previous attending physician failed to save you
Thanks to the wild doctor
That's not possible.
Duan Lao has a terminal illness
Brain cells are dead
One foot in the door of hell
How can it be cured in a few clicks?
Absolutely impossible
You shut up
waste roll
Dr. Ye
How is my condition now?
He Lao, I use acupuncture and moxibustion
I just pulled it back from the gate of hell for you.
But your body is still weak
Is there any risk to life?
What should I do then?
Is there any chance that my father will recover?
Don't ask the doctor.
I know my condition
How can it be cured?
If you can live a day, you can live a day.
Who said that Duan Lao has no chance to recover?